well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the fact that a Special Forces
officer gave an interview to Fox News
and in that interview he used a single
word that really raised my eyebrows and
I think it's something that the American
people need to be ready for but before
we get to that we need to go through
some background information the term
Special Forces gets misused a lot in the
United States SEALs are not special
forces Rangers are not Special Forces
Special Forces means Green Berets said
those are the only people who are
Special Forces they they teach they've
weaponized education they are
instructors they train indigenous and
local forces how to stand on their own
that's why they're so feared twelve guys
show up a month or two later they got a
thousand men with them if you are a
foreign regime that is terrifying even
their motto traditional reading is to
free the oppressed literal translation
is from an oppressed man a free one I
like that better because most the time
the the Special Forces guys aren't doing
the heavy lifting they're giving those
tools to the indigenous forces and
allowing them to obtain freedom from an
oppressed person a free one they're
giving them those tools I like that
reading better what does this tell you
about their image in popular culture
their image comes from Rambo a robot
who's kind of dumb it's not what these
guys are they don't take dummies they
are certainly not robots and they are
incredibly intelligent they have to be
able to operate on their own they're not
robots they have
of autonomy when they're out there in
the field so now that we have the
background information let's get to the
interview now in this interview this is
this person the Special Forces officer
is currently on the syrian-turkish
border and he's been in he's been in the
Special Forces awhile he said that he's
trained people on multiple continents so
he has been around first this is
exceedingly rare second he had some
lists to say he expressed expressed his
displeasure with senior command and the
Commander in Chief's decision he
referred to it as insanity he gave
quotes that everyone's gonna love the
liberal outlets are certainly going to
play up the fact that he said for the
first time in his career he felt ashamed
the right-wing outlets are certainly
going to play up the fact that he is
concerned about the security of the
prisons just worried about a job rank
that's all fine and good it's all worthy
it's all worthy of discussion but he
used the word and it really kind of
turned my stomach he used the term
atrocities and he said they were
happening these guys do this all over
the world in very hostile environments
what most of us would consider something
that falls under that term that's just
part of it these are not men known for
hyperbole that term and that it's
happening we as the American people need
to be ready for that because when the
photos or footage shows up don't look
away because we did it we did it because
we have allowed our government to get
out of control we have put too much
power in the executive branch
now the fact that this officer gave this
interview tells me he does not care
anymore criticizing his senior command
and the commander in chief in an
interview he just does he ran out of
things to give it would not surprise me
to learn that the US Army's most elite
unit at least elements within it decided
to give a single finger salute to the
commander in chief and disregard his
order especially if they witnessed an
atrocity would not surprise me to find
out that they engaged the advancing
forces and we need to be ready to defend
their actions I have seen a whole lot of
Berets and flashes as profile pics in
the comments sections there are a lot of
long Tabriz watching this video right
now you need to get the word out they
are not robots they have emotions if
they witnessed something then
their actions are probably excusable it
should be viewed as a crime of passion
and we need to get that message out now
because I don't know that I could stand
seeing the President of the United
States after thrusting them into the
middle of the greatest foreign policy
failure in modern history tweeting and
saying they're guilty of treason and you
know it would happen they are not robots
they have emotions just like anybody
else and when they are conducting this
training they are eating with the local
forces they are living with the local
forces they become their friends they
build that camaraderie if they exceeded
their orders it happened fine in this
case it needs to be viewed as excusable
should not be a reflection on the
Special Forces should be a reflection on
the Oval Office the first rule of
command is to never give an order that
is going to be disobeyed thrusting them
into this situation with no warning is
is inexcusable there are actions if they
haven't are completely excusable in fact
I would say they're justifiable I'd be
worried if it didn't happen
we've got a moment of truth coming the
American people I had a feeling we're
gonna have to look at what we've done
and it mirrors what we've done all over
the world this is probably the time to
address it this is the time to commit to
the idea that we are not going to use
and abuse indigenous forces like this
and to just hang them out to dry when
it's politically expedient
anyway it's just a thought now I have a
good night